So I showed you about these global variables.
Let's go.
Open the file againand now we're going to make some local variables.
So let's say 'local'--so you can only use this local keyword inside of the inside of a function--and we'll
make this lower case so we can tell that it's just a local variable.
Now set that to 2.0.
And then...
[Halo-like announcer] vim-pressive!
...there we go, we'll use that same thing.
So now we've got the same version, we're printing the global variable here and the local one, and
then we're doing the same thing outside the function.
So let's see how that runs.
All right, so the global variable is 1.0 and still inside the function is 2.0.
When we're outside of the function, we can still be this global variable.
But there's the key:
If you're outside the function, you can't read of what the local variables are.
So that's actually kind of nice if you want to reuse--let's look at it quick.
So if you want to reuse this variable name inside of a different function, you can.
So that's the that's how you can use variable scope.
And those are local variables.